Updated documentation for AC (#2436)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/accuracy_checker/launcher/onnx_runtime_launcher_readme.md

# How to configure ONNX Runtime launcher

> ONNX Runtime launcher is one of the supported wrappers for easily launching models within Accuracy Checker tool. This launcher allows to execute models in ONNX framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ONNX Runtime launcher is one of the supported wrappers for easily launching models within Accuracy Checker tool. This launcher allows to execute models in ONNX format using ONNX Runtime as inference backend.
```

Author: Done
